Update docs for Data Prepper 2.0 (#1404)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _clients/data-prepper/pipelines.md

- Sinks define where your data goes. In this case, the sink is stdout.

Starting from Data Prepper 2.0, pipelines can be defined across multiple configuration YAML files, where each file contains the configuration for one or more pipelines. This gives you more freedom to organize complex pipeline configurations. Those configuration YAML files should be placed in the `pipelines` folder under the application's home directory (e.g. `/usr/share/data-prepper`) for Data Prepper to load properly.
{: .note }

## Conditional Routing

> Pipelines also supports "conditional routing", a feature that allows you to route Events to different sinks based on specific conditions. To add conditional routing to a pipepline, specify a list of named routes under the `route` component and add specific routes to sinks under the `routes` property. Any sink with the routes property will only accept Events which match at least one of the routing condition. For example: 

Reviewer: I don't think we should quote conditional route.

I'd just say:

> Pipelines also support conditional route, a feature ...

Also, "supports" should be "support."

To configure the Data Prepper server, run Data Prepper with the additional yaml file.

```bash
docker run --name data-prepper \
    -v /full/path/to/my-pipelines.yaml:/usr/share/data-prepper/pipelines/my-pipelines.yaml \
    -v /full/path/to/data-prepper-config.yaml:/usr/share/data-prepper/data-prepper-config.yaml \
    opensearchproject/data-prepper:latest
```

## Configure the Peer Forwarder

> Data Prepper provides an HTTP service to forward `Event` between Data Prepper nodes for aggregation. This is required for operating Data Prepper in a clustered deployment. Currently, peer forwarding is supported in `aggregate`, `service_map_stateful`, and `otel_trace_raw` processors. Peer forwarder groups events based on the identification keys provided by the processors.For `service_map_stateful` and `otel_trace_raw` it's `traceId` by default and can not be configured. For `aggregate` processor, it is configurable using `identification_keys` option. 

Reviewer: > provided by the processors.For 

Missing space.

> Data Prepper provides an HTTP service to forward `Event` between Data Prepper nodes for aggregation. This is required for operating Data Prepper in a clustered deployment. Currently, peer forwarding is supported in `aggregate`, `service_map_stateful`, and `otel_trace_raw` processors. Peer forwarder groups events based on the identification keys provided by the processors.For `service_map_stateful` and `otel_trace_raw` it's `traceId` by default and can not be configured. For `aggregate` processor, it is configurable using `identification_keys` option. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data Prepper provides an HTTP service to forward Events between Data Prepper nodes for aggregation. This is required for operating Data Prepper in a clustered deployment. Currently, peer forwarding is supported in `aggregate`, `service_map_stateful`, and `otel_trace_raw` processors. Peer Forwarder groups events based on the identification keys provided by the processors. 

- `service_map_stateful` and `otel_trace_raw` processors use `traceId` by default and therefore can not be configured. 
- The `aggregate` processor is configurable using the `identification_keys` option. 
```

> Peer forwarder supports peer discovery through one of three options: a static list, a DNS record lookup , or AWS Cloudmap. This option can be configured using `discovery_mode` option. Peer forwarder also supports SSL for verification and encrytion, and mTLS for mutual authentication in peer forwarding service.

Reviewer: "AWS Cloud Map"

> To configure the peer forwarder, add configuration options to `data-prepper-config.yaml` mentioned in the previous [Configure the Data Prepper server](#configure-the-data-prepper-server) section. Here is an configuration example:

Reviewer: > Here is an configuration example:

should be:

> Here is a configuration example:

> To configure the peer forwarder, add configuration options to `data-prepper-config.yaml` mentioned in the previous [Configure the Data Prepper server](#configure-the-data-prepper-server) section. Here is an configuration example:

Reviewer 2: Also, no need to introduce the example here, since it comes right after the example's description.
